# objectsPB2019
A small tool to search within source code of a library list and compare 2 versions of a Powerbuilder project
***
**Here's a [video](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1uNyK8XeO2GQmFB3AJAq5Zj_islb54ol8) which "sort of" explains how to use it.**<br><br>
The application depends on the use of any external file comparison tool which allows commandline execution. I've chosen WinMerge in this case. If you do a search on "winmerge" (without the quotes), you'll find which line of code would have to be adapted for a different tool. You'll probably also have to edit that line to start with, because my winmerge is installed on my D: drive.<br>
***
Bruce Armstrong has a nice [video how to fork/clone a github repository in powerbuilder](https://vimeo.com/478243534), but you do have to create a vimeo account. I'm not sure if it's also available somewhere on the Appeon website.
***
**Possible improvements:**  
- [ ] Don't use FileRead / FileWrite, use FileReadEx and FileWriteEx instead
- [ ] Don't get the library lists from TXT files, but allow to select a workspace and then a target to have the list be generated by code.
- [ ] Avoid having to edit the code to specify the location of the comparison tool (winmerge).
- [x] I've deleted the "Match" button. It's confusing.
- [ ] Make the window resizable
- [ ] Instead of using temp1.txt and temp2.txt, use filenames that include the objectname.
- [ ] Show the name of the Exported Libs I and II somewhere on the window.
- [ ] Use automatic radio buttons for the 2 datawindow checkboxes, they don't work well if you select both (as explained in the video).
- [ ] Translate all the code comments to English (right now in Spanish).
- [ ] Record the video again, once the most important changes have been done.
***
For any questions you can contact me right here on github by creating a Discussion / Issue or right here: [Contact](https://www.pb.miguell.work/contact)
